cab-minutes-2021-06-16 (#403)
openforcefield/openforcefield.org: content/minutes/cab/2021-06-16-minutes.md

---
date: "2021-06-16T00:00:00+00:00"
title: "Jun 16, 2021 Advisory Board Meeting"
tags: ["Open Force Field Consortium", "Advisory Board", "minutes"]
categories: ["Advisory Board Meeting Minutes"]
draft: false
description: "Meeting minutes"
weight: 10
author: "Diego Nolasco"
---

The [Open Force Field Consortium Advisory Board](https://openforcefield.org/about/organization/#open-force-field-consortium) met on June 16, 2021.
The minutes are summarized as follows:

#### User support

* D. Mobley announced the creation of the support@openforcefield.org email address. This channel should be used exclusively for technical questions and support.

#### Progress reports

> * D. Mobley announced that the team is working on producing the progress report. The aim is to facilitate the journey of our pharmaceutical industry partners in seeking funding for the OpenFF initiative.

Reviewer: The original wording was nice, but hard to understand. 

```suggestion
* D. Mobley announced that the team is working on producing our annual progress report. The aim is to help OpenFF advocates at our pharmaceutical industry partners to justify renewed funding for the Initiative.
```
